# Microwave Radiometer (MWR)

Raw MWR data are available via the [Planetary Data System](https://pds-atmospheres.nmsu.edu/PDS/data/jnomwr_1100/), but we displayed processed versions of the data in Fletcher et al. (2025).  This sub-directory contains the following data:

* `mwr_global_PJ3-40.zip`: Zip directory contains `.png` files used to assemble the global views of MWR data in the appendices.  These are shown for both unfiltered (i.e., no correction for synchrotron and auroral contamination) and filtered (with synchotron/auroras filtered out), and for both polar equidistant projections, and Mollweide projections in the Appendices.

* `coefficients.h5`:  HDF file containing the perijove-averaged model for the latitude-dependent brightness temperature and limb darkening.  This file contains the latitude and emission angle grids for the zonally-averaged brightness temperatures (`ATM-TB-MODEL`) and the correction needed to convert off-nadir brightness to nadir brightness (`ATM-CORRECTION`), as shown in Fig. 8.  It also contains the latitude-dependent coefficients c0, c1, and c2 for each channel, as shown in Fig. 7.

* `mwrTB_indiv_PJ3-40.zip`: This zipped directory contains `.h5` files for MWR channels 3-6 and PJs 3-40.  Each individual file contains the latitude (`PLAT`), longitude (`PLON`), and emission angle (`PEMM`) for every measured point, along with the nadir-equivalent brightness temperature (`TB`) and its residual from the perijove-averaged model (`TBresid`).  `.png` files showing the brightness temperature and residual for individual perijoves are contained in `mwr_TBmap_PJ*.zip` and `mwr_TBresid_PJ*.zip`, respectively.  Finally, these are combined into 'quartets' in `mwr_quartets_ch*.zip`, which are in Figs. 9-10 of the main paper.

* `FFRstatistics.zip`:  This zipped directory contains `.csv` files with the measurements of FFR locations, brightness temperature, and brightness residuals for each perijove and channel.  FFRs were identified in channel 5, the remaining details are extracted from channels 3-6 and used in Figs. 13-14.

* `mwr_lightning_PJ*.zip`: Zipped directories containing `.h5` files for each perijove.  Each file contains two different ways of representing the lighning distribution.  The first assumes the discharge is located at the boresight (`latcenJup1` and `loncenJup1`, emission angle `eia`, with the delta-TB given by `strength`).  The second creates a two-dimensional histogram (`HISTOGRAM-2D` with associated `LATGRID-2D` and `LONGRID-2D`) based on the antenna pattern at the time `et` of the detected pulse.  These were used in Figs. 16, 17 and 18.  The individual north polar and orthographic projections of the lightning distributions are available in `mwr_lightningmaps_polar.zip` and `mwr_lightningmaps_ortho.zip`.
