# JunoCam Observations 

Polar-projections of JunoCam data used to study Jupiter's Folded Filamentary Regions.  These maps were assembed by John Rogers and Gerald Eichstadt, and are used in Fletcher et al. (2025).  They are also available through the [MissionJuno website](https://www.missionjuno.swri.edu/junocam/think-tank) and the [British Astronomical Association](https://britastro.org/section_information_/jupiter-section-overview/results-from-juno-jupiters-polar-regions/maps-of-jupiters-north-polar-region). 

They are all in polar azimuthal equidistant projection with planetocentric latitude scales, at 10 pixels/degree.  All have L3=0 to the right.  Most of them extend down to the equator or to 30°N at the edges.  In many cases a circle of 20°N latitude is included, or a larger extent of coordinates.  There are still small uncertainties in navigation so positions may be uncertain by a few pixels. Intensities and colour balance are arbitrary, and have been adjusted to reduce visible seams between images and to enhance regional contrast.  Therefore, any broad diffuse features should not be relied on without consulting the original single-image maps.

The maps are provided under a CC-BY licence: “The CC BY licence allows anyone to: copy, distribute and transmit work; adapt work; make commercial use of the work under the condition that the user must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests they endorse the user or their use of the work).”  I.e. these maps are in the public domain but should always be credited as indicated (NASA / JPL / SwRI / MSSS / Gerald Eichstädt / John Rogers); and we ask that anyone wishing to use them for research or commercial purposes would contact us first.

Raw JunoCam data can be obtained via the [Planetary Data System Imaging Node](https://pds-imaging.jpl.nasa.gov/volumes/juno.html).
